i'd have thought there would not have been any drop in power for a while.
while the battery drops when on for a few minutes, any subsequent drop in percent is extremely slow over the 3 hours, so from 99% to 90% over 3 to 3 3 1月2日 hours is more in line with what i had expected originally.
overall the powerbear package is substantial as it includes a new, deeper-profile, s5 back cover, a rubberized back-cover protector and a front glass protector, with a cleaning cloth and usb charging cable.
well-crafted and precise in all aspects of fitting and performance!
this just happened to be about two weeks before pokemon go was released, so clearly he needs it more than ever now ;) it does add bulk to the phone, as expected, but the snap on back case gives it a nice smooth feel and look, still.
with the battery capacity being already nearly 3x more than a new original s5 battery, it feels hardly thicker and it's a great trade-off.
my brother uses it without the case, so the back is smooth.
the only thing i don't love is that it makes it difficult to use the pulse oximeter on the back of the phone if you have slightly long nails, because of the angle.
got this the other day, item arrived on time and is as described.
i'm not sure if it is the battery yet, or the age of the phone but it seems to lose contact with the phone every once in a while, which causes the phone to turn off.
---- original review: this is a pretty good case with an extended battery for the galaxy s5 phone.
at first it seemed to be off and not working as far as the percentage indicator goes, but after several days of use, it was clear that the battery was definitely lasting a lot longer.
i can pretty much go double the time that i used to with the original battery, and on power save mode, even longer (even though the remaining battery life estimate may not be accurate).
my only complaint is that the case part of the item doesn't provide much protection to the screen.
size-wise it is not too much bigger than the original phone (considering that the battery is double) and i think it actually makes it easier to hold the phone.
the battery and case backs feel of high quality and i really like not only how the two back plates look but feel.
the extended battery and both plates do not add that much weight to the phone and the cases do not make the phone very fat.
they were really cheap and seem to be made well enough for my use.
these fit the bill and the phone with both back plates fit in the case easily.
this makes using the phone much easier.
they work very well and are much better than constantly dealing with a charging cord.
it lasted all day and i still had plenty of juice when i was ready to settle in the hotel room.
it was good except for making my phone hot.
i am very disappointed in this battery.
it worked quite well for two full months.
at first, this battery kept me going all day.
this setup doesn't last much longer than the thin battery.
lasts much longer than standard battery.
battery fits tight, this is good.
back cover doesn't fit nearly as well.
it only does this on a restart of the phone so it isn't that annoying but the back cover could be a little more substantial.
first thoughts is it is smaller physically than the zero lemon version but rated higher mah.
with any extended battery i have owned i can do all these things and still have 30% or more battery life at the end of the day.
the zero lemon lasted twice as long.
really good product for price.
its great to have such a sustainable battery life.
all fits well.
so i am thoroughly enjoying the battery life from this battery, definitely lasts way longer for me than the original.
i live where i do not have great service, it isn't that terrible but it's closer to an average 2 to maybe 3 bars typically and with that battery it would fight between 1 and 2 bars, and if it got covered by almost anything be it in my pocket
i ended up rigging my phone into the zerolemon case with this battery and it works out pretty great.
not as great as the zero lemon charge which holds for up to 3月4日 days on continuous use but that one is very bulky so not very satisfactory in that regard - this charger is smaller/sleek and holds a charge certainly longer than the standard battery but my first day
for the balance and cost i'd say worth it.
love it, maintains power much longer than some of the other brands i have used in the past.
works great!
works great and battery cover find snugly.
great product
very pleased with this product.
great product.
highly recommended product.
they seem to take the most charge of any extended battery in my external charger and lasts longer.
only had it a couple days seems great loved the fast delivery
also, battery cover is the thinnest piece of plastic ive ever seen.
case too slippery, can't hold with one hand battery over heats frequently each time i charge it, it lasts shorter time
this device works well on my htc m7.
high quality product.
upon closer inspection it looked as though the pins were damaged.
charger is good, cable wears out too quickly (connector tab).
delivered on time and works fine.
great product for the money!
works great!
this battery keeps my phone charged and is great quality!
i like the battery case much better than an external battery and it offers some protection for my phone.
i highly recommend this case as it lasts about twice as long as the other because it's almost 5000 mah and my other one is a little over 2000
i like that these come in the same color as my phone.
this one takes about 2 hours to fully charge i think.
bottom line: i love this case, it's lasted 2 years and works as well today as the day i got it.
works great but it's so big!
when i use the external battery, it does not fully charge.
it shuts off intermittently.
also, the bottom black tape came off and i had to super glue it.
it arrived quickly and i was definitely impressed with the build quality for the price.
her phone fit nice and snug and there was a positive click when it reached the plug on the bottom of the case.
the top part of the case was a perfect fit as well and it snaps shut with a very firm grip on the phone, but it does seem like it will be a bit of a struggle to remove it.
great product, the battery lasts me more than 2 full days without charging.
the back piece also sits very sturdy.
awesome charging case!!
the battery lasts all day, and then some.
i just wish i had this months ago' i am in the very beginning stages of using this, and hopefully this great performance will last.
this comes with a 30-day warranty, so be sure to register within 30 days.
the phone, as everyone has said, is heavier.
the case is sturdy and fits well in the hand.
i didn't notice a longer than usual battery life.
it made the phone heavier and bulkier.
i would have given less stars but my phone fell down a flight of 17 (stairs like a slinky) and this case protected the phone so well it didn't have any damage.
works when it works, but frequently stops working.
phone displays no issues when running oem battery.
not worth the extra bulk.
battery last long.
but it also takes long time to charge it.
it will make your phone extremely thick.
although it now looks a little out of style.
prompt shipment.
a nice battery for those of us who use gps and bluetooth for most of the day.
expedite shipping only to receive a defective battery.
works really well as a battery life extender.
the case is a good one, but the battery doesn't last and takes twice as long to charge.
i can definitely go through a full day without worrying about the battery.
with average use and not much of game play, i can still almost go for 2 days with this battery.
=================== ** updated ** it's been about 100 days now since i used this battery and it's strong going strong.
i never have to worry about running out of battery within a day and it almost gets me through 2 days even now.
=================== based on my 4 days of this battery, i am very satisfied with this product as of now.
i no longer have to worry about running out of battery for those days when i have to use the phone more than usual.
it is much thicker with extended battery cover and case than with regular cover.
a very nice case that fits perfectly around my phone!
very soft to the touch, but durable and strong enough to protect your phone from any damage.
my new battery life is considerably better.
love the fit, and the case and screen protector are a very nice bonus!
customer liked this case...it is pretty however, again the case does not fit the phone....it is too short and does not get around the phone....the phone does not fit down in the cover....very disappointing.
really cute case, but extrremely hard to take off.
stunning look and protect.
this case is so beautifully made i am ordering every color it is well worth the money.
i like the design of this case - though i am a tomboy.
i have received several compliments on this case and have been ask when i bought it.
it is a nice case with a great look.
she fell in love with the design.
she says it's a better quality than she expected for the price.
this is advertised as a hard case (my wifes hard case is almost a year old and the design is still intact)so she begged me to get it for her (as she really liked the design).
well it is a rubberized hard case like all the others she has gotten.
it does fit nice and seems well made.
exactly as described, wonderful battery life.
where have you've been all of my life powerbear llc!
but seriously though, this is by far the best replacement battery i've ever seen/experienced with it.
my dad was shocked at how long this battery could hold a charge for.
powerbear llc, you've made a powerful impression on me with this battery.
original battery would not make it past 3pm or so.
also provided case is easy to hold and seems to provide good protection.
they do last a long time as noted above however with the new battery they recommend this recalibrating process by which you charge to 100% and then take it down to zero then back up to 100% etc every so often i'm going to try doing that every 6 weeks
i still really like these batteries
great product at a reasonable price
it fit well, looks great, and is holding up well.
good quality
i like this cover very much.
it is very beautiful and a great protection for the phone.
feels good to touch, isn't slick so it won't slip out of your hands.
it served its purpose and looked good doing it.
fit perfectly, well made, colorful, my wife loved it, i would buy it again fit perfectly, well made, colorful, my wife loved it, i would buy it again =)
arrived quickly.
this battery will last all day and into the next day.
i purchased this powerbear samsung galaxy s4 6000mah extended battery & back cover & protective case (up to 2.3x extra battery power) - black [24 month warranty & screen protector included] as the battery in my samsung galaxy s4 was swelling and it was losing contact with the pins on
the screen protector that came with this phone battery and case fit perfect and was really easy to put on without any issues and doesnt cover anything like the speaker or mic.
very good works well.
great price and delivered quickly.
only slight problem with cable, have to 'wiggle' the cable to get charging to start.
don't have the same issue with oem cable that came with the palm.
a good inexpensive cable that works like the original.
while several inches shorter (40") than the original it works well and with the touch stone.
palm pre charging data cable works as advertised.
this phone cord is so easy to use and easily connected from phone to computer.
great value for the price.
this is a standard computer-to-microusb cable and it will work with a pre for data connections and so on.
the phone end of the charging cable is the weak point of the palm pre and is not the standard usb end.
this one works perfect and the price was right.
this data cable is not for the palm pre.
the only thing professional about this cable is that it's destructive.
i purchased 3 of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews.
i have used this cable about 10x to charge now, and it works great!
there is a difference in usb cables.
this cable works great, even with my underpowered usb ports.
can't beat the price.
this is a great little charger.
the only complaint i have is that the wire is a little bit thin but i'm sure it will last a long time if treated gently.
this charger did not work well on my phone at all.
the pull back works well and isn't too fast.
product was kind of difficult to understand how to use, but it gets the job done, and i guess that's the most important part.
it also worked with my samsung eternity (using as mass storage and for pc studio / tk file explorer) with no problems.
the cable is a bit thick and as a result is stiff but not unmanageably so.
this friction mount is relatively small but stays well on all dashboards i've used it on.
fits anywhere,stays in place.
i use it with a garmin streetpilot 7200, which is a fairly large, even somewhat clunky gps with a large 7-inch screen.
works great.
easy to attach the gps and easy to memove it.
the stand works great if you buy the other stand and use them together.
good adhesion between the disc portion & my mp3 player.
the sticky pads don't hold it on very tight, a slight bump and it falls off.
the adhesive breaks fairly quickly.
adhesive not very strong on a big cell phone.
they break -super- easily but they work otherwise
woks great, the last one i had lasted for years, i expect that this one will too.
fast delivery fast & accurate.
works perfectly.
this is cheaply made and way to bulky.
cheap price and maybe worth what i paid for but now i am just going to go with buying a case that comes with it's own belt clip.
nice clip, just what i wanted
it was simple and easy to use.
so i got the t68i and i am finally enjoying true cordless freedom.
as a note, i do notice that my range with the t68i is far less than with the jabra multi-adapter.
with the t68i, i'm geting maybe ten feet, max.
apparently sonyericsson's implementation of bluetooth isn't up to par.
i paired it w/ a sony ericsson t68i and it was easy to set up.
the unit does not work very well though.
first off, the headset is only $20  if purchased with a sony ericsson t610.
the concept is wonderful, and it works well for the most part.
the headset itself is comfortable - especially the eargel.
it fits snugly and sound is clear.
two gripes, however: 1) battery life is less than impressive.
all in all, it's a great concept and works well aside from the two gripes listed above.
it has a series of flaky behaviors with the 3650
otherwise it is comfortable and the sound quality is pretty decent on speaker and microphone.
i have tried a lot of headsets and this is the most clear (and loud)!!!
the reception is perfect and the transmision too, but (there is the bad side) the range is about 2 meters (leaving the phone over the table).
i use it with the sony t68i and the configuration is too easy.
the comfort is the best i never use.
i recommend the headset... but the latest version!!
good quality product.
very good and works well, will do business again
i don't know who emerald city graphics is or why i was apparently purchasing their products, but i don't like it and never i never have!
good customer service.
great about upgrades.
simple and easy to get and new phone mailed and have simple instructions on how to setup your new phone.
i am very pleased that bought it i'm glad that the quality is excellent.
my only complaint - the darn ringers are way too quiet.
apart from the retro-layout of the keypad and the huge (for a cell phone) screen, the phone also has another strange feature - no external antenna!
yet the reception is great!
your phone will have an email address of its own so your friends and family anywhere can send you email.
the bluetooth capability is useful also.
the keyboard is goofy, but gets a lot of looks.
my wife liked my nokia 3650 so much that she switched chips with me and is carrying it.
good audible range.
works great!
display is very good for its size.
worked great.
contacts is a nice feature that can pull your chip's phone numbers and store them.
disadvantages: the blue lighted round keyboard.
in low light it is hard to see.
this is, simply put, the best phone on the market to date!
the camera is great, that it shoots short videos is amazing, and couple it with the very comfortable jabra bluetooth headset, and you have a true deal that even p.t.
this stylish -- uniquely so -- cell phone from nokia is large but surprisingly light, and the color screen is one of the best i've seen on a cell phone.
the ring tones are nice and loud enough for everybody, and the built-in camera is easy to use.
but t-mobile ranks as the worst mobile operator in the country.
while i wholeheartedly recommend the 3650, i advise you stay away from t-mobile.
get at&t wireless instead.
this phone is awsome..
i haven't taken so many pictures until i bought this phone.. the round keyboard takes time to get used to but once i have used it a few days..
highly recommend this phone
i returned other adaptors and bought this adaptor again.
the nokia 3650 will browse the web, and the battery is fairly long-lived.
mmc isn't exactly the most popular format -- secure digital (sd) would have been a far better choice -- and so comparable capacities cost more for mmc than sd flash.
what i find disappointing about the mmc choice is that offering mmc *and* sd isn't very difficult in itself.
in fact, lexar sells the trio which handles sony memory sticks, sd, and mmc quite nicely and compactly.
i love the camera.
good snapshots, neat little movies that pick up sound, and even a sound recorder.
so the added utility of the phone is very attractive, making the flash memory issue a little more than minor (imagine owning five sd cards and realizing none of them work in this phone).
the symbian os is a dog.
a pocketpc or palm device, by comparison, has no boot time (well, the palm os has no boot time, pocketpc negligible for warm boot).
i'm not a big fan of this os, or its abilities.
nav of settings, utilities, etc.
sim card support; store numbers on your sim or the mmc card or the phone memory.
nokia's pc suite is powerful, if you can get it to work.
all this leads me to a solid conclusion: the treo 600 kicks its butt.
palmos, sd card support, most mature synchronization utility available.
cool features: bluetooth, mmc card [16mb included- but upgradable], large screen, plays any midi you can drop into it, ir connectivity.
negative features: bad battery life when usign bluetooth & ir excessivly, strange keypad layout [you get used to it], bluetooth learning curve, slow 'boot-up' [about 30 seconds].
this phone is worth every penny...i had an old nokia phone so i decided to upgrade & it was worth the money...it plays wav files as ringtones (it converts it to 10x smaller than normal wave files)...great sound,clear reception..has lots of games....i can play nes,gameboy color emulation also.....i also love
keypad is no biggie, you quickly get used to it -- and the layout is great as a thumboard for typing messages and such.
rf is great, and there are lots of add-on applications for the symbian operating system making this phone a great little tool.
battery pack works, fits perfectly and cable/connector didn't present any issues during install.
great replacement battery, once fully charge the phone worked for two full days with regular calls.
battery life is all i expected.
does nothing to improve signal.
you think that a little piece of shiny plastic will increase your cell phone signal?
if you have signal issues you need to spend real money, $$$, for a reputable booster like wilson or zboost or uniden (all available at amazon).
good...the cell coverage has gotten better as far as talk, but the data service still is not working correctly and my mms does not work right either.
so far it has not helped my signal strength at all.
i still have no signal
works great.
i would like to say that this is not cheap junk, but it did nothing at all for my cell reception.
have tried several phones with these, non responded to a signal difference with them...would not buy again...worthless waste of money for me...
i have a dead spot when i drive to work, where i totally lose the signal.
this device did not help at all.
i don't really notice any difference in the reception.
order this product just to find out if it does work..and sure enough i was surprise that i get more bars reception in my cell than i had before and the price is right.
i purchased the cellular innovations because i have used them for about six years with my other track and boost mobile phones and received great reception.
i rarely have call drops and the reception is smooth and clear.
i have purchased several for family and friends over the years and they enjoy the clear reception too.
it works best if you don't touch the antenna with your fingers, hold it by the sides or edge; smooth it with a smooth flat card.
the booster is a must have for less expensive phones and a big help for my android phone.
i get the best of both worlds, low phone fees, and great reception with the cellular innovation antenna.
not satisfied with the quality of the product i purchased.
didn't see any difference in reception of the antennae on my cell phone
she continually has calls dropped, so i got her this signal booster, and it hasn't made a bit of difference.
this thing is a waste of paper, it doesn't give u any better reception.
we needed a better signal and thought at $2.99  for a 10 pack would be worth a shot.
if you really need a boost for a signal, i recommend checking your other options.
it gives my cell phone a little more boost and works very good.
the booster antenna does not work, it actually makes cell service worse rather than better.
i bought tis booster for my phone because i needed better recepion, i tryed it and it made my phone come in a little better i would buy is product again, if fact i bought one for the whole family.
i set my phone down on my computer desk for 10 minutes and i checked the signal strength on my droid x and it read -87 dbm.
after putting the universal cell phone antenna booster on the inside of my batter cover i set my phone in the exact same spot for 10 minutes and it read -83 dbm (closer the number to zero the better the reception).
check out the picture i posted of the signal strength before and after.
i have had success using this antennae booster on my feature phone (aka dumb phone), giving me an extra bar.
so after getting my htc thunderbolt from verizon, i thought i'll give this booster another try and see if it'll enhance my reception.
instead, it killed data reception.
i lost 4g and even 3g connection.
i should've known not to mess with the internal antennae of the phone.
once i peeled off the booster, my 4g was fine again!
it does nothing to improve your signal.
these arrived in good time, but don't seem to make much difference for my cell phone's reception.
very well , no problem at all is good for activities like exercising.
fits ok i don't think is too long unless you are a girl with tiny wrist
best watch band ever i bought
love this product, fits well on my wrist and feels very secure.
i thought i'd mention it's a soft silicone band, the initial picture made me think it would be a more rubbery feeling band.
love the wrist band.
looks good.
as others have mentioned, the band is a little long, but not so much that it's a problem.
good for activities where i want to avoid getting sweat on my leather band.
crap i was excited about this band.
does not fit motor 360 2nd gen smart watch.
excellent fit and feel.
this a high quality band and it feels and looks way better than the leather band that came with my moto 360 2nd.
the band is very, very long and for some folks with small wrists even the last hole to snap the slack in is not enough.
the band itself is quite attractive and feels great.
they clearly made an effort on packaging (nice box), rather elaborate for what is only a 2 piece band.
a negative seemed to be that the watch band is long - really long.
pro - the new system of opening the pin latch and inserting the band is awesome.
the black watch can be classic.
look at the moto version with its own black metal band.
looks very elegant - surprisingly so.
unfortunately tylt didn't see fit to cover the very shiny silver buckle and end bolt the same black color.
as a result, what looks like a very sharp and somewhat sporty silicon band looks more like the stock plastic bands you'll find on digital watches like casio, timex, etc.
and since the buckle is so high up, don't expect to put a classy watch face on the top and have it be mistaken for anything else with the silver buckles present.
i hope they take this into consideration for what is an otherwise great watch band that i think justifies a more premium price.
flows well with the moto 360 gen 2
great seal, no defects, great product.
and a good price too, not one bad thing to say about this.
otterbox and pelican make good stuff.
great otterbox dry box, i got the clear version as recommended by other reviews and like it.
after reading the size dementions between this -3000 and the 2000 i went with this one, i wanted to keep my ipod 4g with otterbox defender safe inside and eventually an iphone with either a defender or armor case.
first, at least the clear version of this box is way bigger then u would expect, it dwarfs my little ipod in there, but leaves plenty of room for wallet/anything else.
it is much to big for a pocket or anything like that, but would easily fit in a backpack and comfortibly fits in your hand when u carry it.
perfect for cell phone, mp3 player, wallets and anything that you don't want to crush and/or get wet.
otterbox has proven itself once again with a fantastic product.
strong tie cord.
latches stays closed tightly.
long piano hinge for strength.
ad/instruction label comes off easily.
nicely padded inside for protection.
100% coverage on internal pads.
i got this otterbox to hold my valuables at the pool this summer.
i bought this for my son and this is what he has to say: "this is a great case and held my phone waterproof on a whole cold weekend trip.
my whole pack got wet and this case kept my phone dry.
i would recommend this to anyone who needs tough waterproof case."
i needed a few small cases to store various items - radios, batteries, and such.
i found both these and the pelican micro cases.
while pelican is the gold standard for the larger cases, only the otterbox cases have the quality i expected in this size.
the plastic seems to be more resistant to scratching and cracking, the bottom and top of the case actually 'seal' together, and the top and bottom are both padded to protect the contents from shock, whereas the pelican case only has rubber padding on the bottom half.
the hinge opens to slightly over 180 degrees, but it is loose, so where you can open the pelican lid half way and it will stay, the lid on this case will fall to either full open or full closed.
the latches are a little tighter than the pelican case, especially to open, which is a good thing.
the protrusions on the top and bottom do not stack.
all in all, this seems to be a rugged storage and organizational tool.
gnarly box.
enough room to put 2 galaxy s 2 phones, a few cards and some smokes in when going near water.
sort of wish i bought the deeper one, but this is cool for light applications.
wow, this is a great box for my iphone 4!
very happy with this box.
no reservations :-) well made, well priced, works excellently!
if you have an iphone, you need an otterbox defender case (to protect against drops or crushing) and this waterproof otterbox - both under $20  each on amazon!
this phone is ugly and heavy and has a terrible user interface even for techies like myself.
the moto v600 is a much better phone, takes better pictures, gives you better clarity and reception, is smaller, and is much, much cheaper.
get the moto v600 if you want t-mobile.
i had the samsung v205 and then i decided to try the e715 out.
fyi to people with battery problems, with these kind of batteries, you must let it drain completely and then charge it.. kind of like building up your battery life and doing this a few times, it will improve your battery life immensely.
i've been a t-mobile customer for a while now and i stay with them because: 1) they are now no.
1 in customer service, 2) great rate plans, 3) it works great where i need it the most!
now the additional features that the v205 didn't have that this little gadget has is: 1) caller id pics.. although you won't be able to see it on the external display, when you flip it open, you'll see that person's face.
2) the camera now has a flash as well as a zoom.
also, you can do multi-shot with this as well as put lots of different kind of frames to your pictures.
3)you can download games with the e715 whereas you cannot do so with the v205.
furthermore, the games are actually java with e715 4) the flash can also serve as a flashlight.
5) voice memo.. nuf said otherwise, it has the usual features.
it has an alarm, calculator, calendar, to do list, mms, sms, you can download ringtones (which is a big help since some of the ringtones sound pretty crappy), as well as games and pictures.
pretty much all the usual stuff is in this phone.. except you won't find bluetooth on this.
another thing is that the external display is like a blue-green thing against a black background.. which is pretty cool since you won't have to press a button just to see the time... it's always lit up so you can see it well.
also, the pictures that you can take by lookin at the external display will be a bluish-green color but when it's saved, and you look at it, it's in full color so no worries there.
another great thing is that it doesn't have an annoying external antenna to get in the way so it's a good buy.
this is the first samsung phone i have had and it does not quite measure-up to the v300.
i am a tmobile customer and when i finally became too fed up with the v300's terrible camera, tmobile sent me this as an "upgrade".
here are the good features about this phone: 1)it has no external antenna to brake off 2)the camera takes better pictures than the v300 3)it is very small but still comfortable to use here are the bad things about this phone: 1)the sound quality of a call on the receiver
(maybe i was spoiled with the v300 but this phone does not have the 'technology' other phones seem to have.
example- this phone does not have an easy to use datebook to set off alarms to remind you of appointments- it does not have a speakerphone which worked well on the v300 and was very handy at times- and just simply, it is like a commodore 64 computer in a
3)lastly, it simply is not as 'smart' of a phone as the v300.
in other words, it is not as easy to use, not as feature packed, and not as "practically designed" as it should be.
modern cell phones, in my opinion, don't need to be flashy and a work of art to look at, but they should accomodate the user with easy to use and practical features, and sadly, this phone just falls short.
if you're debating between this phone and the v300- the v300 is an upgrade from this phone in every way except for the camera.
..and i'm from europe, where the phones and networks are much better than in the states.
i have to say that i think samsung currently have the best software (and i used to be a huge nokia fan).
amazingly light, very intuitive, great audio, and just looks great.
this phone is amazingly small and light for a camera phone; it even has a flashlight/flash.
the battery life is the worst of any phone i've ever owned.
no voice activated dialing.
i like to use a speaker type hands free kit in the car so i don't have to look at the phone to answer, talk or dial.
the menus are not logical and are confusing.
it has an ir but it doesn't sync with your computer.
they have software and cable you can purchase that will let you backup the phone numbers you enter and photos you take, but -5 no syncing with outlook, your pda or anything else.
i do love the phone for its size, weight and even the color, i find it easy to hold and talk with.
the sound isn't the best, but it isn't bad either.
the battery lasted 3 days once, when i was home sick and didn't use the phone and one 24 hour day i had to replace the battery three times as they completely discharged.
i also like t-mobile.
their customer service is really good, the features they offer on their web site are great, the prices for wireless modem and wireless web are incredibility great and the national calling price plans are very good compared to what i?ve seen elsewhere.
i was with at&t since they bought out l.a. cellular.
the customer service was great for years, but got so bad i?d wait on hold for hours and couldn?t get through to a person for days.
most of their functionalities are the similar while some have the extra bonus bells and whistles while really sells the product.
like many others, i was attracted to this phone because of the nice styling, the size, and the camera.
i have previously owned a samsung s105, which was a nice phone as well so it was easy for me to learn this phone since many menu functions were similar.
the first and foremost thing i look for in a phone is the sound quality.
the sound quality of the phone is not bad.
having owned the nokia 6610 as well i would say the nokia phone sounds a little better but this might be because i am used to the 6610
i am sure most people will be happy with the sound quality of the e715.
unlike the older samsung phones this phone uses an internal antenna which works good, if not better than phones with antennas.
the camera on this phone is quite nice.
there is a flash and a zoom feature which is added bonus.
this phone does have a 40 chord midi capability which means you can download some good songs.
for the tech savvy there is a program called easy gprs which can be downloaded from samsung's european website.
the other program which i like is called psm play which allows you to edit midi files and convert them into mmf.
one useful feature which this phone does not have is speaker phone.
the speaker phone on the nokia is great for this purpose.
another minor inconvinence with this phone is the phone's irda capability with your pc.
as i have mentioned already you will need to download an application from samsung europe in order to transfer data from your pc to your phone.
with some other phones such as the sony ericcson t610 you can simply transfer files through window's default program when you match your phone's infra red port with your laptop's.
of course easygprs also have the ability to do many other things but sometimes i wish that i can transfer simple images/sounds directly using just windows.
finally, the battery on this phone runs out a little faster than some other phones.
if you play around with this phone often the battery will run out in a day.
currently this is not the best cell phone on the market but this is definitely one of the best tmobile gsm phones at the moment.
i received my treo 600 last friday from treocentral, with service from sprint.
i have been testing it and comparing the sprint coverage against at&t, t-mobile, verizon and nextel.
i have found that even when i had only 1 signal bar, the calls still went through.
while nextel's coverage was as good, they don't have a pdaphone that can compare to the treo 600
the only thing lacking on the treo 600 is the ability to use grafitti, which i have become very used to on my palm i705.
i am cancelling my at&t account, as well as my palm.net account (no longer need that since the treo 600 replaces my palm i705) and going with the treo 600 for both wireless phone and palm pilot features.
one device and a lower monthly bill.
hopefully, the 650 improves upon those shortcomings.
i know 650 has bluetooth, but don't seems to have wifi, that makes me want to go for a xda iii or i-mate.
i've been a blackberry user for the last 5 or 6 years.
it's proven to be a bulletproof email device.
what's sorely lacking with the blackberry is a decent web browser (yes i know there are some available and those with bes or 7510 can use reqwireless).
it is primarily a one trick pony - that does that trick exceptionally well.
i tried the treo because i was already a sprint user and wanted to evaluate the unit as a backup to my blackberry.
i have had to replace our office treos --- in one case three times and twice in another, as the speaker (ear piece) fails.
the camera is extraneous and is worthless even when adjusted with software (after-market).
keyboard is great for email but the lack of graffiti is irritating for us original palm users.
traded mine for a samsung i500 and am much happier except for the lack of after-market add-ons or lack of stock.
samsung is tri-band so this is great for additional use in other areas where there is no pcs service.
samsung has voicedial and speed dials that exceed that of the treo and i like that better.
size of samsung i500 is much smaller and fits in my pocket easier, as i an not a man with large pockets.
the fact that i can not play mp3s due to the limited memory of the samsung vs. the treo is not an issue as i have an ipod.
ripping mp3s and slow load make the treo not a great music player.
16mb of memory is more than sufficient for most, i never filled the treo to the 32mb capacity except i used the memory card for books.
suggest that if you don't need to carry a lot of data, go for the samsung as it is more reliable, has two batteries (7 hours vs. my continually charging the treo from a short to moderate conversation).
both are about the same price, so be cool and be one of the few who have a samsung 1500 vs. the treo.
samsung and sanyos do have the best voice and sound for cell.
i have a pre-paid unlocked sonyericcson 610 with t-mobile and that is fine for overseas or a cute but hard to use (joysticks are for the birds) phone.
ironically, i got the sonyericcson as a trade for a free ms smartphone that always crashed, locked and never worked right.
palm os meaning alot of stuff you need 3rd party software to run.
and those 3rd party software is very expensive.
vga camera that only works outside in bright light with all this limitations why even have it?
if you want to buy camera phone this is not for you.
speakers sucks it will stop working on you.
mp3 player software is good but you have to buy a "special adaptor" so you can use that mp3 function.
sprint's business connection offer is very good, you install software on your computer and leave the computer on.
the screen is very bright, easy to see and use.
contact search is fast, hit a letter and it will jump to the contact start with that letter.
though the keypad is inconveniently small, it is still usable.
the speaker phone is very convenient.
i just got this phone and it's really slick but there is one very significant design flaw in the treo 600 that will cost you a ton of money -- beware.
it seems if you are on a call and your call-waiting goes off, there is no way to hang up on the first call and switch to the second.
this is a huge design flaw, or maybe it's intentional so you wipe out all your minutes.
whatever the case, i can't figure out how to deal with it except if you have call waiting, you shouldn't answer it, or you should answer both, hang up on both, then call who you want to talk to.
to be frank, i had high expectations for the treo 600, after reading so much about it in the time leading up to its release.
on actual use, i have been quite disappointed.
still, let me say up front that it deserves three stars for being a usable, pocketable smart phone.
my biggest gripe lies with the keyboard, which is too small and too minimalistic.
the keys have a round surface, which hurts your fingers after a typing a little while.
but the biggest problem again is the spacing of the keys, which are just too small and too close together.
also, there are no dedicated number keys, which is extremely annoying.
to add more woes to this limitation, you cannot num-lock the numeric keys, so you always have to hold down the number shift key to type in numbers.
the screen is also too small, and the viewing angle isn't too good, which means unless you look at it straight on, you will have a hard time seeing what's on the screen.
compared to the silk-smooth screens on the tungsten and clie, this one feels crude and pixelated.
now, if you plan to use the treo 600 for web surfing, be prepared to be really disappointed.
the internet speed is just plain pathetic.
loading amazon.com's home page took over 3 minutes, and it's barely readable because the layout is all screwed up.
loading msn's home page took even longer, although the pictures did come across nicely.
for some reason i've not been able to open apple's homepage at all.
no error messages, just no page, either.
msnbc works fine, so does yahoo and sprint pcs's own home page (good thing, there!).
in short, i'm pretty disappointed with the implementation.
a new model, the treo 610, is rumored to come out soon, with a better screen and improved battery life -- but probably still the same slow internet speed, which is more a problem with the 2.5g network than the treo hardware per se.
anyway, unless you have lots of money to throw away and don't feel like giving it charity, i recommend you wait for the next generation of treo.
the treo is fantastic.
the call quality is as good if not better than verizon (here in sf bay area) with fewer dropped calls.
the speaker volume is also really loud.
the screen is amazingly bright, much better than my sony nx70.
although resolution isn't hi-res, the quality is still surprisingly good, for pictures and video.
email and web access is very fast on the sprint network, and the pda seems very stable.
with the rebates, it's an awesome value.
i had been very happy with my motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off.
after the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse."
it seems that motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty.
you'll be fine with a motorola phone as long as it works.
i own the cheaper motorola (nextel) i710.
i have many friends who own this phone though, although a few of them have since "downgraded" to the i710.
the main reason i chose the i710 over this i730 was signal strength.
the i710 consistently gets better signal the the i730 no matter which of my friends phones i compare it too.
all my friends are on the same wireless plan from nextel as i am, so i know its not service, it is definitely the phones.
i can have full bars on my phone (5 including the little antennae icon) and my friends phone held right next to mine will have 2 or 3 bars.
my phone gets signal in places their phones are "out of service."
well i have 4 friends who have the i730, 5 friends with the i710 and one with the i860, all from nextel, and the i710's always have better signal compared to the i730's.
the i860 gets as good a signal as the i710 (but its significantly more expensive too).
i am not sure why two phones based on the same hardware and software have such drastic differences in signal.
the only thing i can think of is some hardware added to give the i730 an external screen somehow interferes with the antennae hardware somehow.
other than signal strength compared to the cheaper and basically identical (except for external screen) i710, the i730 is a pretty good phone.
lots of features, solid and durable construction and good battery life.
for me signal was more important that a silver case an an external screen but if you like those things the i730 is a decent phone to use.
great phone by motorola - leaps and bounds over the previous user interfaces.
i use the speakerphone all the time, along with the two-way text messaging.
i also like the different profiles, which enable you to quickly switch profiles for meetings (i.e.
believe it or not, i don't even use the direct connect features, as no one i know really uses that feature for personal use.
we just use text messages most of the time.
more than anything, i recommend buying the body glove cover/clip ... search for "body glove scuba, i730".
it's like a tuxedo for your i730.
i have had 5 cell phones in the past 10 years, starting with the original motorola flip-phone.
then i moved over to a nokia phone, which was okay, but i was not satisfied.
i moved over to the nextel phone service for my next phone, which was the motorola i1000 and a couple of years later i bought the i90, which was the phone i have been using until i recently upgraded to the i730.
i have been with nextel for the last 5 years and i am completely satisfied with their professionalism and outstanding service.
the trade-in/buy-back program is wonderful and it definitely the best way to upgrade your phone.
now........on to the i730.......wow..........what an awesome phone!!!!!!!!!
i can't begin to tell you that nextel offers the best motorola phones then any other carrier.
i have looked at other phones from other carriers and none compare to the i730.
if this is your 1st motorola phone purchase, you are in for a real treat.
the instructions are well-documented and it doesn't take rocket-science to navigate through the i730 software.
the biggest treat for me is the color screen, the sleek-ness of the phone and it's overall aesthetic beauty.
also, once you experience the nextel service, it will definitely be your last and only phone carrier.
proof: i have successfully moved over many friends and family members to nextel and i haven't heard any compliants.
i've had this phone for 3 months, and nextel for 3 years.
i like the service, but inability to roam can be bothersome when traveling.
for emergencies, i remedied this with a tracfone(.com) and just buy a 1 year card each year.
now, for the phone....it's got close to as sensitive reception as my old i1000 plus, which had awesome reception.
the speakerphone on this model is excellent, definitely an improvement over the other nextel models.
battery life is still on the "fairly horrible" end of things...charge it every night or you'll run out in the middle of your workday on the 2nd day, especially if you use data features a lot like i do.
luckily, recharge time is very quick (under 2 hours with mine) with included rapid charger.
(nextel does have models specifically for those types of conditions...) the screen tends to be too dim to read in bright, direct sunlight, and the light "sensor" seems to add to the problem.
very useful 600 entry contact list, which can store all of a contact's info (home#, work#, cell#, fax#, email, etc.)
phone has a handy notepad and will take vocal notes, also.
calculator, games, etc are included on phone.
wish it had an alarm clock (if it does, i haven't found it yet..i'll keep looking) for those long drives.
the little disco light is kind of funny, too (almost a disco party in your pocket!).
interface is maddening to get used to, if only because it's similar enough to the i1000+ (which i had for three years) that it can get confusing, as it's not the same.
color display is sharp.
all volume levels can be set from whisper quiet to loud loud!
extremely handy is the "profiles", which allow individual volume, behavior and wallpaper settings for different situations, i.e., "truck" "work" "meeting" "movie" or what have you.
all in all, a very good phone, especially with all the customization you're able to do with the feature settings.
addendum: another minor gripe: the "stop" button in the center top position of the phone is too easy to bump when removing the phone from its holster-i've accidentally ended several incoming calls this way.
**********note: instead of always buying a new car charger for your latest, greatest cell phone and adapters for your newest laptop, simply buy a power inverter which plugs straight into your vehicle's cigarette lighter.
make sure it has a built-in surge protector.
vehicular power utilizing your "home" charger (cell) or plug (laptop).
the best plug directly into the cigarette lighter socket without a cord (the units can get hot, a cord can allow the unit to move all over in the car.)
can power many other things, too...can't find one labeled "surge protector" on amazon, but bb sells them.
other than the high initial cost (i got it before they put in a promotion, duh), i really love this compact and stylish phone.
it's the best nextel has offered yet, although there's rumor that a camera phone is coming out soon.
if you can wait, wait a bit longer, otherwise for walkie-talkie style cellular, nextel is the best.
no delays like with verizon (up to 30 seconds!)
or sprint (10 secs).
walkie-talkie that actually works where there's coverage.
in chicago, the gps never works (and yes i went by the window dozens of times).
in the surrounding suburbs, it worked once about 30 miles north of chicago, so i know it's not broken, unfortunately.
telenav, the company that sells the gps mapping service for nextel phones, will charge you by the kilobyte, which is very mysterious, but comes out to about twenty-bucks a month, in addition to a "total connect" service that nextel will need to add (for gps to function), for another ten-bucks
the kicker is when you figure out that your gps hardly works at all, and you have already signed up for a year's telenav service, telenav won't refund you a single dime.
the nextel tech that i spoke to (in cancelling "total connect") said telenav told them that they should not gaurantee telenav to ever function.
"there are not enough satelllites at this time".
otherwise, it must be stated that i do like nextel service and the web browser is the best of it's kind.
movie times and all that other stuff as well, and "snocountry" tells you the amount of snow at any hill in america.
i didn't realize that maps were insanely expensive!
it came in perfect condition, and it came on time.
it is the perfect size (and its visually pleasing), and it has the countries, states, and cities all laid out and printed.
even the cities that are not printed, you can get a rough estimate as to where they are because the map is actually accurate!
i am very pleased with this map.
hopefully they start making bigger ones so i can make a big travel map for the family to put in the basement!
is a great map very detailed and easy to read some of the countries listed have there names written in the language they speak.
also this product is well packaged compared to other maps.
i love this product and would highly recommend it.
i live about 100 miles from where this was shipped, just love it...thought it would be here faster than it was....but...ships in a tube...so came damage free...cool map and pretty funny letter that they send with it...made me laugh...highly recommended .......kinda nice u know ...do yourself a favor and check
its more than i expected, looks nice.
the paper it's on is a good thickness.
every country is included as far as i can tell...what else is there to say?
the frame and backboard were pretty inexpensive and didn't take very long to assemble.
the only downside is that the names of the cities are pretty small--and depending what types of pins you use--the pin may cover up the city.
glad i bought map.
it shows not only the us, but all the countries!
even the pacific and atlantic ocean!
i was pleasantly surpised with the quality of this map.
this thing has so many charge terminals on it!
power cable just plugs straight into the unit.
i have a mixture of sizes and capacities, and threw a bunch of them in it the first night.
lots of capacity to charge, which is awesome since i'm tired of having to pull out two or three 4 bay chargers to charge up a batch of batteries.
huge capacity, and far more flexibility than my "standard" chargers.
i use sanyo eneloops and also some older duracell rechargeable.
i was impressed how it could take old batteries that wouldn't recharge in other chargers, and it completely restores them to working order!
i highly recommend this to every professional photographer.
i realized after using a smaller charger, that something with more charge capacity was going to be a huge benefit.
this ansmann is superior in all ways to the lacrosse, other than portability of course.
it holds more batteries which is absolutely nice, it has led lights which, now that i've experienced them, i'm sure i would find it annoying using another charger without them (as you can quickly glance over to see if your batteries are done, rather then having to decipher some strange
also, this thing is built so ruggedly, that i don't think i could break it if i tried!
the ansmann charger simply takes the guesswork out of charging the battery.
you simply plug it in, stick the batteries into it no matter what their current charge level is, and it refreshes it neatly and cleanly.
the only strike against this product is that the manuel is written in german, but if you simply follow the color code on the front of the charger it will be enough.
best charger ever!
works well.
it did not fit the cycle computer.
does not fit my garmin 60 series gps receiver.
i purchased this to use on my bicycle and with a garmin 60csx.
installation was simple and all parts were included.
note that it does include two rubber strips of different thickness for different diameter handle bars.
the clamp also has a positive clamping motion as it is hinged which makes it a bit more secure and easy to mount.
we do mainly riding on the street but have done 50+ miles with the gps and have had zero issues.
it is easy to come off and stays on just fine.
fits all of the handlebar sizes i have tried it on, holds the gps unit securely, has not broken yet :).
purchased two of these items specifically for mounting my garmin 60csx on my bike handlebars.
i was quite happy to discover that the actual handlebar mount is identical to the ones i'm currently using for the garmin legend, the only addition here is the cradle that snaps into that mount.
the mount is easy to affix, one screw opens the clamshell design.
included rubber strips can be used as shims to get a proper fit, i just wrapped electrical tape around the bar until i had the appropriate diameter.
takes a bit of effort, no concerns here about security.
this mount works great.
i've ridden over railroad tracks and other rough terrain and my garmin 60csx stays solidly in place.
i do have the lanyard pulled over the handle bar just in case, but the gps has never come loose.
they are far superior in build quality and strength.
they cost about twice what this mount costs but they are definitley worth the price.
i like how the mount just slides off the bracket so it is easy to switch between bikes.
i was never comfortable with my $500  (now $300) 60csx just sitting in the cradle so i loop the wrist strap around the handlebars.
my touring bike has 2 inch tires (60psi) so it handles the bumps well.
my road bike of course has the thin tires pumped up to 125psi and does not handle the bumps well.
it was working fine until a couple of days ago i hit a bump on my road bike and (as some else mentioned) the little circle part cracked.
i purchased two of these handlebar mounting units.
this mount is easy to install and easy to use.
the gps 60csx and 60cx fit perfectly.
the unit is completely made of plastic.
otherwise the gps receiver screen may be difficult to read.
overall, i am satisfied with this mount and would buy it again.
... but after several thousand miles and almost as many pot-holes my 60csx is still firmly attached to the handlebars of my harley.
i've been tying the wrist strap to the mirror "just in case" but it's been over the worst terrain colorado, wyoming and south dakota have to offer without ever popping loose.
i have been using this bracket to hold my 60cx to my handlebars and i have been extremely happy with the purchase.
i use the wrist strap that came with the gps.
if it had not been tied, it easily would have impacted the ground.
took longer to come but splendid and worth the wait!.
it's re-usable and remains ready to use until you flex the internal metal button.
the solution inside then crystallizes, producing heat in the process.
the heart remains flexible even after the crystals have formed, making it suitable for hot massage.
otherwise, the case is very nice.
it has 3 slots for credit cards, 2 slots for memory cards, and a holder for your stylus.
perfect fit, nice design.
can use all accessories (ac power, usb cable, sd card, stylus) without having to take the e2 out of the case.
i returned this item because it didn't filt my palm z22 at all.
i wish i had read others reviews because as the others pointed out it does not fit the palm tx.
the top sticks out.
so im not sure why amazon has a deal with the palm tx when it isn't the right case.
i bought this sticky pad in the spring (april 2006, i believe) and through no over-use on my part it has now lost its stickiness and is very ineffective.
it is also peeling off the dash.
not a sticky rubber sheet.
works great!
this would not stick on my dashboard regardless of what i tried.
it does help my purse stay on the console, however, so i don't entirely hate it, but it really doesn't do much for me.
works very nice.
a hassle sometimes, but at least the phone is secure.
i like the bigger size.
for this cause, it works perfectly.
size is also perfect.
the only problem i have now is that i sometimes elbow the gamecube's carry handle when i shift into second and, because this product works so well, it kinda hurts!
i bought this item for my car it has alot of storage it is sticky it even holds my portable cd player yup i still have one
good item, just sticky enough to hold items without them moving around on the dash of my car.
works as advertised this is the best sticky pad i have had.
its easy to wipe off and the surface is smooth rather than the others that i have used that have grooves and difficult to clean.
i like the quality of the sticky pad and the large size makes it a place to place multiple items.
i love it works great.
i like the large size
this works great in my vehicle to keep my phone handy!
slides around on my dashboard
works great.
this one is the best out of all the other sticky pads, if you want the large one.
holds very good
cleans easy and never looses stickyness.
good in all weather conditions!
its a decent size.
works as expected.
holds my galaxy note in place just fine.
plenty of space for exta things
i love this larger size for the truck dash.
these pads are too light wieght for what i bought them for.
my headset fits perfectly on it and doesn't budge when i'm trying around.
i like the size of this pad.
it holds my cell phone and mp3 player just fine and gets stuff off my desk.
i do prefer the other xl sticky pad they make but this works as well.
so for the first time i saw a need for a product like this, enabling me to use the dash for stowing things without having them slide away.
i found it to work well, and it is reasonably priced.
great product ... holds items (phone, ipad) on my dash and keeps them from sliding around.
dash area is flat ... so, no experience how it would hold on a slanted surface.
also, material is a bit thinner than expected.
this was a great price and was exacltly as described.
the larger size was a good fit for the middle console flip top storage of my truck.
this pad is a foam rubber product with a fairly grippy surface.
handstands super size sticky pad - black holds very well, i've yet to have anything slip off it yet.
this works great for me.
it is very sticky on both sides.
and this pad's stickiness is just right, where as other sticky pads you will have to use force peel your cellphone off the stick mat and the cellphone paint and then you need to re-apply the phone's screen protector touch up the cellphone's lost paint.
it also sticks to the center console very well.
good customer service.
great about upgrades.
simple and easy to get and new phone mailed and have simple instructions on how to setup your new phone.
hold times - at&t so far has had some pretty low hold times , also they don't don't charge you for calling them for support like several others do.
fast useage checking!
pretty much i've been quite pleased with the service i've gotten so far, but i still think the plans are over priced.
it drops the price i pay to a somewhat acceptable rate.
i purchased the very same item days later and now there's an "estimated regulatory cost recovery fee".
who doesn't love regulatory fees?
yet another bogus tax.
good customer service.
great about upgrades.
simple and easy to get and new phone mailed and have simple instructions on how to setup your new phone.
i hate paying fees...... or, does this mean that i got money back?
i was going to buy a new playstation 3 and a few games when i stumbled across this offer for regulatory fee!
so now i have a new blackberry bold that i love and a regulatory fee that i hope i don't see again until this phone dies in about 2 years.
out of all the regulatory fees i've ever paid, this was hands down the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
before i got this one, i couldn't imagine paying $2.50  for a regulatory cost recovery fee.
they ordered a wireless plan on amazon and didn't realize that it came with a regulatory cost recovery fee.
but a little experience shows that this regulatory cost recovery fee is a marvel of innovation that is packed with value!
so in exchange for agreeing to deregulation, they invented the beautifully-named regulatory cost recovery fee.
"regulatory cost recovery fee" is one of the greatest product names ever.
in summary, this is one brilliant product that's packed with value.
they charge it for land lines and wireless connections.
while i still think this is a decent phone, it appears to have been plagued with inconsistent manufacturing standards, slightly cheaper components, and higher failure rates than other sanyo models.
the sanyo 8200 is a solid phone that will be far superior to many alternatives.
sanyo added a few extra nice features for this phone like an alarm (yippie!!!)
the phone camera is not top-end but decent for daytime use.
of course the speakerphone quality is high quality as usual with sanyo phones.
the signal strength isn't as good as the 4900 or the 8300
i suspect they cut corners on the antenna.
the screen resolution is also good but not fantastic.
the memo recorder could have used much more memory.
sprint coverage is better than advertised as long as you use a good phone.
customer service is not as great as it used to be, but it's still better than verizon.
believe me, if you have bad reception, you have a bad phone and it's time to use that warrantee.
sanyo has added some nice features to this model.
the speakerphone is only half-duplex, but most cell phone speakerphones are only hd at the moment.
it does very well for its size.
ready link performance is top rate, as well.
all in all another great sanyo product!
the pm-8200 addressed two shortcoming of the 8100:00:00 1) camera quality, and 2) speakerphone.
the 8200 sports a higher-resolution built-in camera.
picture quality is also improved.
the 8200's pictures look much better.
the speakerphone is definitely a great addition for those of us who like to multi-task yet dislike headsets.
the volume and clarity could be a little better, but given the compact size of this phone, it's not bad.
reception on the 8200 is great, thanks to its external antenna.
battery life is good, unless you save a lot of things in memory, which depletes battery faster the more stuff it holds.
the phone is attractive and can be customized in many ways, not to mention it comes in three colors.
in summary, the 8200 delivers lots of improvements over the already-excellent 8100
while it was comfortable to wear, i could not hear the caller's voice due to the static, and i am holding the phone in my hand so i know it's not the distance that was a problem.
i tried several calls at different locations, but the performance remained very poor.
i have been using a logitech mobile freedom headset for almost a year now and love it, except for the fit.
it fits horribly.
this is where the bt205 shines.
it fits great.
it seems to have a ton of talk time (at least 6 hours, i would say)...but the reception just plain sucks.
do heed jabra's warnings about the wireless home network interfering with this device!
i think my problem might have been the wireless home network.
the jabra 250 bluetooth has great reception and sync's very well with my nokia phone.
it takes some time to understand the little quirks.
the online faq page is useless and the company says (online and while you are waiting on the phone for customer support) that email is the quickest option.
i like the headset.
it has good reception, sync's well,comfortable, very long charge(holds longer than my phone, and has easy to press buttons.
this headset is nice and snug and works great.
despite a few bad reviews, the sound quality is acceptable for making telephone calls and dicatation, though the sampling rate is obviously too low to listen to music with it.
my quick testing with ichat av was positive and it seems quite usable for use with an isight for the voice portion of a call.
i also was able to set the sound output to the headset and am currently listening to some music with it, but the low sample rate and the fact that it isn't in stereo makes this only a novelty.
the range, as mentioned in other reviews, isn't amazing, but was sufficient to move about an average-sized room and worked intermittently through a cinder block wall.
it fit fairly comfortably on my ear and seems to easily hide, though is a bit cumbersome to put on at first.
the multiple earpieces are also a plus.
the dual charger/belt clip is an interesting idea, but seems to be poorly executed.
the pros: the function and design of this headset are first rate.
right out of the box it was easy to pair with my motorola v505 phone.
it is small and unobtrusive the battery life is really good in standby mode, and lasts several hours of talking.
the combo belt clip/charger is a really cool idea.
reception is very good as long as line of sight is unobstructed by anything full of water.
if on the opposite side, the signal degrades noticeably.
its a shame, since it is such a nice unit, but the floppiness on my ears is unacceptable.
this bt enabled unit is the perfect gift for anyone with a cell phone.
no more complicated setups.
the battery life is great and the clarity is also dead on.
regardless, i have found the bt250 to be a better value than the hs810.
if the phone is in my pant pocket, reception is marginal.
also: i am unable to use it to record my voice tags.
i find it pratically unusable for voice dialing while driving.
i guess for better voice tag matching, you would have to record your voice tags in the car, using the jabra which seems to be out (see above).
oh by the way, the phone uses battery power at a much faster rate when connected to the headset, i.e enabling bluetooth increases power consumption.
i was impressed with the advertised battery life, and took the plunge.
you get lots of staticy noise if the phone is more than 2 feet from the earpiece and in a direct line of sight.
on the plus side, the sound is nice and loud in th speaker.
i've been using my jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it.
it's very comfortable to wear.
it has performed extremely well in the car.
the range of the headset is quite good, but i get more static in my apartment.
from time to time, i lose connection with my phone.
in any case, i can highly recommend the jabra headset.
item fit perfectly.
this connector worked perfectly with no wire splicing.
had the new speakers installed in minutes.
worked great in my 1991 gmc sonoma.
perfect fit.
metra 72-4568 does not fit.
i love this headset!
not only it is light and comfortable to wear, but it's also stylish.
the volume level is fantatic and the sound is very clear.
i had tried jabra bt250 and it was so staticky that i had to return it.
it blinks in standby, it blinks when in operation, it blinks all the dang time.
but, if you can get passed that, it does work pretty well.
the sound is a little tinny, but pretty clear.
the mic seems really good - no complaints from those on the other end, basically.
and the battery life isn't too ugly at 5 hours.
this headset was a piece of junk right out of the box.
this is a great model of bluetooth headset, and you can't beat the price.
this model is especially easy to use with the "open the boom" feature to automatically connect to your phone.
on the positive side the battery life is good.
the negatives i'll split into ergonomics, sound and rf performance.
sound: received sound is weak at best, if you don't have good hearing this isn't going to work for you.
transmitted sound is also weak, apparently, i have to accept what others tell me.
noise cancelling is non-existant, if it was supposed to have any.
received audio is ok, but whenever i used the headset i am told that i sound very digitized.
as a communications engineer i believe that some people need a serious talking to over the bluetooth performance.
it has a great front pocket that holds all of her sheet music and extra reeds.
this is, hands down, the most durable, functional and well thought out pack.
holds a ton of items very neatly.
it's a little large but is made of great quality leather.
they start looking beat up after about 2月3日 years constant use, but that is excellent life for the price excellent product
well put-together with what seems to be high-quality materials.
the fit is perfect, leaving a bit of room for a thin windbreaker (and or sandwich) in the main compartment, and both my wallet and a small backup point & shoot camera in the front compartment.
batteries, digital cards, earphone jacks, etc in the side pockets.
my only gripe is that i'm not overly fond of the dark brown color.
would probably have preferred the light brown, but it's not worth the hassle of exchanging.
great quality with plenty of room.
it holds my wallet in the front compartment and the large compartment holds my camcorder just fine.
plus the large compartment can also hold a small battery charger and mini gorilla tripod along with the camcorder.
i couldn't find any camcorder bags this compact that does that for the price.
he's been looking for a good, sturdy pack for a while.
this cell phone/fanny pack is so roomy, you can put anything in the bag, such as mp3 player or a large sized wallet.
these are rugged and easy to mount in a 1 1/8" hole.
connection is via standard quick-connects.
i fused each of these behind the panel with 10 amp in-line automotive fuses.
i additionally bought some male lighter plugs which i soldered onto a few electronics such as lights and trolling motor.
these have got to be the best in dash cigarette sockets made.
this works perfectly for my application.
heavy duty, good connections
did not fit vary well but works well good price
this is a great little power port.
it mounts easily with a locking nut on the rear, then all you have to do is run your power lines to it.
the attached dust cap is a nice touch.
good quality
the problem i have had with the marinco is that the snap on cover tends to pop loose when it is supposed to stay closed.
this unit seems to have a firmer grip on the hold and looks like it will stay in place.
installed with no issues.
the price is right also.
works great!
i've had the console apart before to install a car stereo and did not feel like doing again to install a new cigarette lighter socket.
i used a hole saw to cut out an opening in the lower console and installed the cigarette lighter socket.
the plastic threads & lock nut will strip out very easily.
wish it was heavier duty but it works well.
mount is not very good.
easy to install
i got to be honest here, i haven't hooked it up yet but i tested it for plug size and it fits well the quality is also much better than expected, i have a feeling it will last for many years in an outdoor application.
good for power out as well as on-board battery charging.
nice and easy to install
it's works, but the thread strips very easily.
works perfect on my boat-
great product awesome price
arrived on time as described.
fit well.
works good and easy to put in
worked well for my application, however the nut that is used to secure it is far to flexible and doesn't let you get it tight enough.
fits in perfectly
works like a charm, solid, robust, heavy duty.
works great!
easy to install and does what i need it to do - like plug in the tv
i added this to my tractor for a powered 3pont sprayer.
great socket and looks!
very heavy duty
works.
shipped quick.
good price fast shipping and easy to install.
looks good but have not installed it yet.
the cap is soft plastic or rubber and seals the plug effectively in the rain.
typical amazon good pricing and fast delivery.
this is a good unit and works perfectly with other marine grade male plugs.
delivery was prompt.
it is weatherproof and the plugs stay locked in place
nice quality add on automotive type lighter addition.
easy access to the connectors on the back
simple to install, unobtrusive and doesn't take up hardly any room, works great.
excellent article i am satisfied with the quality mu and the timely delivery excellent article i am satisfied with the quality mu and the timely delivery
easy to install.
i am using this connector as charger for my portable stereo.
i was able to charge phones while camping so it works great.
i installed it in the rear side of the fiberglass bed of an '09 tacoma for an extra power source.
then i would need to replace the fuse holder.
i think it is as nice a +12vdc outlet device as one can find, with the one star ding due to the questionable fuse holder it came with.
very pleased with the product and its capability to work in the ellements.
i use it with my t-mobile service in hungary.
my v600's performance has been outstanding.
extremely long standby and talk times.
the bluetooth connection works very well.
i was pleasantly surprised with the v66, especially it small size.
the v600's menu has improved on the v66.
the v600's color screen is wonderfully clear and the pre-loaded ringtones are very nice.
i don't really use the camera feature, but the few times that i fooled around with it found that it took decent pictures.
while it is a little bit bigger than the v66, it is not much bulkier.
overall, i can highly recommend the v600 for its numerous features and nice styling.
the new v600 from motorola finally arrived.
it has all the functions of a typical power cell phone these days: built-in digital camera, color screens, and lots of bells & whistles.
but i have to say its styling is more attractive than most of the plain-vanilla silver phones from asian manufacturers.
also, it's solidly built and feels sturdy.
reception is great, although i'm still not thrilled with t-mobile's coverage here in the northeast.
what really excites me about the phone is the inclusion of bluetooth and its quad-band capability.
the latter means it'll get more coverage in the future as the new frequency is being implemented here in the u.s. (does't make a difference overseas.)
bluetooth means i can finally use a wireless headset, and also hook up to my pda and fujitsu laptop.
the new v600 is now randomly shutting off, loosing connections, and not recognizing my sim.
luckily the v600 is still under warranty so a return is in it's future, and another phone will come to live with me.
the pictures i took with it turned out fine, i loved the bluetooth connections, and when i could use the phone there were no connection problems.
we tried to report it as defective phone - it wouldn't hold the voice mail set up and you had to call cingular again and again to reprogram it.
all of the phones drop calls like crazy.
also when you try to dial out in the car, the "call failed" happens more times than it goes through.
before cingular we had sprint and they discontinued the 3 phones we had and a friend who worked for sprint told us that the reason they discontinued our phones was due to a problem with dropped calls - we also had tons of dropped calls with sprint.
but the main problem is that it drops calls after every 12 mins.
pro's nice screen good call quality good camera (compared to pthers in the market) nice look and finish good features comes with great useable ringtones con's speaker is low quality (i tried other v600's and experienced the same) sometimes there is a lag when the buttons are pressed it does
i also must say that i do not expect longevity from a non-sweatoroof product, and that the s11 headphones are designed with a sweatproof nano coating.
however, since you asked, they still sound and work excellent.
they last from morning to night constantly connected.
these headphones have a very utilitarian, price conscious design.
but, they are very easy to control, very light, and sound very good.
the bluebuds sound as good as bose or klipsch wired models of similar cost (even mkbhd says they are amazing).
the motorola buds really sound great.
the built-in equalizer settings are nice, the controls are easy, and they stay around your neck when laying on your back.
so you sacrifice some portability over the bluebuds, but you get a great ease of use, very good sound, and less than half the price.
and truthfully, while they aren't super stylish... people are walking around with those giant beats studio headphones on.
the quality is decent.
these have a great design allowing me to lean back and relax without bumping them out of place.
price wise these buds are a much better value compared to the mid level lg units, but they aren't great.
volume is on the weak side, absolutely no idea of remaining battery life, until only about 10 minutes left.
connectivity is much better than lg, which was awful.
fit was ok.
magnets could be stronger.
works great!
mine lasted a few months.
the wires looked good.
loud beeps when you adjust the volume, too.
one of the best and longest lasting headsets i've used.
works good, good sound.
fast shipping.
easy to pair.
arrived on time, packaged nice and neat.
love the style and ease of use.
surprisingly good sound quality for the price ($19 when i bought them).
i found them comfortable to wear when walking or jogging.
volume is good once i figured out how where the volume control was (default volume setting is too low).
the on/off button is a hassle compared to the simple slider on my lg-tones.
great sound quality, nice fit, and easy controls.
super easy bluetooth connection.
fits an sounds very clear
i always care most about sound quality and signature of a bluetooth earbuds or headphones.
as far as sound quality and signature are concerned, this motorola sf500 is one of the best in the class.
very refined clear mid and high with decent, tight bass which is not very common at this price range.
also when i check the built quality, it is solidly built and designed.
i should say that it can be compared to more expensive models of lg or samsung bt headphones (but i like sf500 sound quality much more).
even though i like the sound quality very much, i wish that the volume level could be bit louder.
when i compared to other similar price range bt headphones, such as soundpeats qy7 or mpow, the volume isn't quite loud enough.
personally i like the second one the most which brings out clear mid and high.
it is a good feature to have.
it is just a couple of flimsy rubber bands that could be broken in a week or two.
basically, it does not look good nor functionally well designed.
i rather prefer to see samsung or lg type of more hidden and secure looking attachments.
finally, the earbuds are very small.
entire earbud structures and design are very small.
but i just feel that they might slip off when i am running or doing some activities.
motorola sf500 is well made.
good sounding and solid structure.
they had a great sound and connectivity but since i have surgery the battery on the back gave me neck pain so i returned it
ver good range, good sound but no alert to end of call.
very good battery life.
good sound, comfortable to wear.
not good for sports .
it is not convenient to store due to its shape.
great quality.
so far i find these comfortable and easy to use.
the call quality seems to be perfect as i've had no complaints as i did with the other bluetooth headphones i've tried.
as far as sound quality (earbuds and mic), comfortability, and water resistance (somewhat) motorola buds has the 700 and the 730 beat, they can not hold a candle to the overall qaulity of the buds.
the only real issue i have with the buds is the fact that the metal motorola log on the earbuds eventually falls off as well as the rubber screw covers.
i've had the buds for a little over a year and the sound qaulity continues to be amazing.
flimsy, low quality junk that arrived with a broken ear piece.
lasts a long time and ships quickly
sound quality was acceptable.
the loudest was okay.
but the comfort level was terrible and i broke them trying to get them wide enough for my 18 inch neck.
it does work well, but is doesn't talk to you like most headsets do.
the design of the neck band is great, it kind of grips your neck softly and doesn't flop around like the lg one does.
sound quality is not perfect but good enough.
lightweight and has longer range than the cheaper brands.
really comfortable to wear and sleep with.
the earbuds are flat on the outside and therefore not bulky in the ear.
great sound... just wish i could charge them while in use.
probably the best headset i've bought.
there tips are little difficult to use but you can switch it out for the typical ones on most earbuds.
the range and sound are good and they are sweat proof from what i can tell with my use.
and, they sound terrible.
excellent product and price.
these arrived very fast and came well packaged.
great sound once i got the right earpieces on.
tone control is ok but not as responsive as the tones.
the only gripe here is that the call/answer button is the same button that activates the music player and changes tone.
it is easy to use and its sound is beyond my expectations.
it is worth its price.
sound is fantastic but it does not sit around my neck to well like my lg tones or anyother bluetooth headset but putting a lighter to the plasting warms it up and you can mold it
works well but made good "skinny necked" people.
battery life not as good as lg hbs730 but range is better.
i prefer the lg slide switch to the push button on the motorola for on off function.
now the magnets on these are really strong.
ear buds fit in ear no better, or worse than sny other product.
the controls are intuitive enough, but hard to find in a snap, with my thick sausage fingers.
this product works good enough in my truck, with my cell phone plugged into a power source, yet when i used the set in my shop and while mowing, my cell phone battery charge ran down very quick.
the amazon price was significantly less than the in-store price.
this purchase was my first attempt at trying a bluetooth stereo headset.
these are really good ear buds.
signal is strong and good for more than 3 feet (unlike some others i have had).
for the price, these are the best available.
very good quality and easy to wear...you forget you are even wearing them!
saw a flash sale for some motorola sf500 earbuds from dailysteals.com.
the headset paired easily to my htc m8.
played some logic from play music and bass is decent.
a little too much treble for me but i'll live with it.
the magnets that connect the earpieces to the headset is really good.
the accessibility and ease are outstanding.
the headset feels light around my neck.
sound quality could be better but still a decent headset.
without a doubt the best wireless bluetooth headset out there in regards to a good mix of sound and functionality.
i understand the material they are made of keep them light, but they feel sooo incredibly cheap.
also, the sound is crazy bad.
they fit him great, but i definitely won't be getting a pair for myself as they are a tad too tight around the sides.
the bass is very weak, but that isn't a problem with the music he likes to listen to, but the overall sound is great for oldies, adult contemporary, jazz, blues, etc.
the volume is definitely high enough for spoken word as well.
they came with three different sized buds, but the ones they came with worked fine.
they also have a small rubber band around the wires that the buds are connected to, which works well to adjust the length you need.
the back of the buds is magnetic and attaches to the front.
has about a 15 foot distance where the bluetooth is reliable and doesn't start cutting out.
i personally like these headphones for their sound, function and value, though they are not sweat proof (my qy8 are so far.)
the sound quality is good for conversations and they fit well in your ear.
the only 'real' issue i have is that they don't produce quality sound for listening to music.
they tend to sound very tinny when listening to music.
the left earbud shorted out after about 3 months.
light weigth and good sound plus 10 hours of playing music time
the sound is good.
the controls are convenient and take only a little getting used to, as is the case for all such headsets.
and at this price, i am happy to buy again.
sounds great, 100 reception from phone and cheap
the sound is ok but the fit is terrible trust me you'll hate it
never again were my earbuds yanked from my ears as the cord twisted, and the bluetooth was strong enough that i could have my phone charge centrally in my house and be able to walk about without losing reception.
not being an audio snob, i also found the sound quality for music to be fine.
the battery life was just about right, though my headphones did die on me about once or twice a month, but, again, at least eight hours continuous use.
however, as i said above, the right earbud keeps dying.
now, granted, when this next warranty runs out?
these are great your buds for the price fantastic
i do think that the microphone is a bit sensitive to movement on your shirt or collar which can create a loud sound for your caller on the other end (so i try to remain still while on a call) but the stereo sound is good and the bluetooth connection
i like the ability to answer calls, skip tracks and control volume from the device.
had them for over a year and battery still going strong.
they are a good headphone though.
maybe a bit unconfortable for some but it works nice and the quality is better than expected.
these ear bud broke after only 2 month of use.
poor microphone quality.
these are great and worth the price.
nice sound, comfortable in ears.
works well with smartphone.
great for the price.
good battery life.
satisfactory and arrived promptly.
excellent sound for the price.
much higher volume than similar soundpeats headset.
bought soundpeats headset and cosmos travel case.
the motorola buds are longer and too large for cosmos case.
love the sound quality of music.
sometimes people have a hard time hearing me - maybe the microphone could be improved?
they last for 2-3hrs of actual playback and the neck piece is actually so light that you forget it is there.
very quick charging time, too.
they sound fine.
the buds fit in my ear.
the charge lasts around 8 hours.
these are workman headphones.
i do love the fit in the ear and the sound quality is good for what j use mine for.
love it and great price too!
pros: * good bt range.
cons: * lifeless unrealistic sound.
there's too much bass, too little kids, and the high's are abhorrent-- they sounds like you're in a cave.
they are comfortable to wear, the cords haven't caught on anything yet (like ipod buds will) and once i got the right size ends they sealed out the outside sound to a large degree and gave greater volume.
buds are small enough and fit well into my hear holes that i can get my motorcycle helmet on and off with these in place without disturbing them!
controls are easy for non-throttle hand to find and use once i figured out which button does what.
build quality is much better than the cheapy no-names.
the reception seems exceptional at first, but more often than not, more than 10 feet away and there begins to be problems.
the magnets are a good idea, but in practical use, the buds just hang and flop around when not in your ears.
overall, sound is good.
produces quality sound.
has different equalizer modes which helps.
no problems with bluetooth connect.
nice pair of bluetooth headsets.
good quality.
they sound great!
easy to connect and battery lasts a long time!
were delivered ahead of time in great packaging!
sound wonderful.
today, went to the gym and they worked wonderful.
the buds work really well and i love the convenience.
the sound quality is great for talking but average for music.
the range on this thing is amazing, however, and they are lightweight and sound great.
also, i tried my wife's lg set....i liked the vibration feature, but the range is much shorter than the motorola brands.
the first thing i noticed was that the sound wasn't as rich or deep as i had hoped.
the volume adjustment was actually on the right side and the call/play and track buttons are on the left side.
back to the buds.
as for the bluetooth, now that i have them paired, they hook up almost instantly.
- connecting wires for the buds could be a tad longer.
- sound could be fuller but probably decent for this price point.
great price on these headphones.
i can answer calls, play/pause music, control volume etc...
it's best feature as advertised is the range.
i get really good range for this device.
battery life is great and pairing to any device has also been great.
two things to be aware of: 1) this is not a waterproof/sweatproof device.
the first set was durable, sweat resistant, has excellent controls for: google now, skipping tracks, volume control.
bluetooth pairing could sometimes be finicky, but the range is good.
the sound is really good considering these aren't super pricey earbuds.
they are fairly comfortable to wear throughout the day.
battery life has been good.
the quality seems up to motorola's standards but the volume isn't loud enough when listening to music or when having a conversation.
the controls work well and the magnets that hold the buds to the neck band when not in use are pretty strong.
as long as you won't be driving or anywhere loud, these will probably work pretty well for you and the price is good.
it's not bose, but it's good enough for the price.
additionally, for phone calls (which is really why i bought this) it's great.
the sound is tinny and doesn't seem loud enough even with the headset and phone both on max volume.
even if they were loud enough the sound is still tinny and low quality.
pros: - consistently excellent battery life.
- microphone is excellent, clear, loud, and crisp.
these are half the price of your sony sbh or your lg tones, and the battery life is better as a trade off for sound quality and style.
- music quality is not the greatest, but will do in a pinch.
quick and painless rma and the next set were perfect.
the moto buds are extremely lightweight and easy to pair with nearly every device that supports bluetooth 4.0.
they are comfortable in the ear for extended wear (2-4 hours), the battery life is astoundingly good, and they sleep without draining battery better than the lg tones or the sony sbh series.
but every rose has its thorns, and alas the moto buds are not without their flaws.
the first is these danged ear bud cables.
i've learned to forgive the moto buds for this over time because whenever i need them, they work perfectly.
sound quality is adequate, but basses are not as deep, and highs are not as clear as other, more music-focused headsets.
simple, no frills, and the quality is bad.
the audio breaks up a lot and every phone call i've taken on these...
okay - not easy to wear, for me, and after the first use, did not ever recharge again.
pros: battery life: is very good.
comfort: weight and flat wires are nice, with the "brains" of the unit being at the rear, it balances this device out a bit.
longevity: my warranty is now expired, and i never had to use it.
long winded power on: this is a pretty silly preference, but they are long in the tooth when turned on.
ear gels (important): this is probably going to be the biggest factor as to whether you are satisfied with these or not.
these headphones will be nowhere near loud enough and have terrible bass response if you do not have the best fit for your ear to create the "seal" between the driver (or speaker) and your ear canal.
i have a good fit and sound in my left ear, but none of the three included sizes seem to work well with my right ear.
great sound and pairing is seamless.
i really wanted to like these.... my only drawback in ordering them at first was that they don't vibrate for incoming calls like the lg tones, but i decided i could live with that to have a lighter, more comfortable stereo bluetooth.
and they do look better and feel better around my neck than a pair of lg tones, but i'm really surprised (especially considering a lot of positive reviews) just how bad the audio quality is on these... maybe mine was just defective, but they weren't loud enough at all and
i really like these, easy to use and set up.
the buttons are easy to reach and use, it's definitely not going to blast you out but that wasn't what i was looking for.
ear pods fits perfect (i never had tried this kind of self adjust pods and they are great) sound was awesome for the price.
folks on the other end of the connection complain about the noise and poor voice quality every single time.
what i heard was low volume and low fidelity.
not good for listening to music.
very poor audio performance.
my first set of bluetooth headsets.
good range of connection.
good sound quality when ear piece is inserted correct.
easy to use sound is pretty good.
was a little surprised that they weren't flexible like the lg tones.
they stay on place well though, sounds is pretty decent.
easy to pair.
best headphones for any occasion
good sound, neck size may be an issue for people with larger necks, as this product is not flexible.
call quality is nice and decent bass for bluetooth ear buds.
i have three issues with the motorola buds -- 1) sound quality, 2) fit and length of cable, and 3) some weird bluetooth connection issues.
sound quality: these are ok.
in terms of sound, i think the sony mw600 with stock earbuds have better sound.
these are ok, but the bass is a bit muddy and the treble is a bit recessed.
volume is good.
phone quality is ok -- the other side reports sounding like i'm on a speakerphone.
fit and cable length: perhaps my body is shaped weird, but i think the earbuds are a little too short -- again, the stock earbuds with the sony mw600 fit my ears better.
bluetooth connection: range is ok -- i can make it maybe 30 feet in my apartment.
otherwise, it looks nice, the buttons have a nice tactile feel, and it looks nice.
it's ok, but i prefer the sound of my sony mw600 earbuds.
good sound, unbelievably long range, easily 50-60 feet.
not as comfortable as lg and the battery life isn't very reliable, something it gives me 8 hours sometimes only 4 hrs.
the cables are too short but they work great
these work, perfectly!
clean sound with nice(not too much) bass.
the sound is fine, the range is pretty impressive.
they are simple to use and do the job.
for motorola i thought these would be better.
if i so much as put my phone in a pocket the bt signal starts to break up which is annoying when you're running.
the mpow headphones i have are much better and cost a lot less.
sound is not high at full volume which is my only con.
amazing earphones.
the audio quality is really good for bluetooth earphones.
the ear-buds fit perfectly.
this one is perfect both for music and videos.
it has a built in mic but have not tested it.
good battery life.
these buds are awesome, by far the best sounding bluetooth headset i've used.
sound quality and range are amazing.
horrible sound and super narrow design chokes you, get the lg hbs 730 instead, same price way better quality.
this headset definitely comes through.
it works good with a couple of drawbacks.
the volume does not seem like it gets loud enough.
those are my only complaints other than that it works fantastic!
shipped quickly and is working great.
good sound quality.
i cranked this bad boy up and you can hear the bass seemed liked it wanted to come out but seemed restricted.
looking at some of motorola's headphones, why couldn't the engineers figure this out?
and plusses of the lg over the motorola were not worth the hassle of trying to figure out of this could be remedied.
i realize that motorola buds may not have all the features that the tone+ has, but they pair and play perfectly with my phone.
although i did like the controls and position of the buttons on the tone+ better, i am very happy with my motorola buds.
she had no idea i was on a bluetooth headset during the call, it sounded that good!
she is now watching for a good deal on motorola buds for herself.
absolutely love how these buds work without getting in my way or making me look like a space traveler.
too hard to quickly turn on or off rapidly because it's not a switch like the lgs but a press and hold button.
best bluetooth earbuds i've ever used.
just as good as any wired earbuds.
great earbuds!!
they sound great, have pretty good battery life.
i haven't found a single pair of bluetooth headphones yet that sound decent to talk on.
i love the concept of this headset.
i use it at work for phone calls.
when i activate siri using my iphone, the quality of the mike doesn't let me use siri for anything but entertaining myself with the bizarre things siri thinks i am saying.
earbuds attach by magnets to the yoke low price, i could trash three or four of these before it would cost me as much as losing one bose earpiece.
good for phone calls, podcast, and audio books cons: not for music mike quality not good enough for siri.
very hard to hear in high winds volume is quite low.
the headset is awesome.
good product and worth it.
having read the reviews i had great expectations for the buds.
extra bass is necessary because the wind noise washes the bass notes away.
they function as advertised.
great sound, awesome noise reduction, excellent product.
one more update #2: after glueing the rubber strips down for the third time last night, when i got up this morning and picked up my buds to use them, the rubber stripping was popped up again on one side.
the thing that finally made me decide to return them (with a heavy heart) was that the sound quality had deteriorated noticeably in the right earbud when i was doing my (low impact) workout this morning.
i don't know if this is due to me trying to glue down the rubber stripping (i used the blunt end of a sewing needle to apply the glue, so it was a precision glue job, i'll tell you!
it's obvious that there is either an engineering, manufacturing, or quality problem with this product.
i really thought i had found the perfect bluetooth headphones!!!
let the buyer beware - it may have been that i just got a bad pair, but i read at least one other review that mentioned this very same problem with the rubber stripping underneath the "collar", so i know i was not the only one.
that's really bad, that these earbuds went from five stars two days ago to one star today.
well, folks, this morning i went to put on my motorola buds and - you guessed it - a problem.
as noted in at least one other review, the rubbery trim on the bottom of the headset stalks has separated from the unit, on both sides.
i just spent a half hour trying to glue the trim back down, and it kept coming up again, no matter how carefully i applied the glue.
this is the part that rests against your neck and collarbone, so it should be fastened (by whatever means necessary) well enough that the trim does not separate, because this is the part of the earbud "stalks" that is going to receive the most friction by rubbing against your skin.
i realize these are not the most expensive buds on the market, but two weeks of wear and it's falling apart?????
below you'll find my original review, before this morning's problem: original review: i love these buds!!!!!
it was only when i was on my way home that i got the little voice that said "low battery".
so i can listen to music all day long without recharging these earbuds, and i think that's fabulous.
so that was three recharges per day - pretty poor, compared to these buds.
the motorola buds fully charge in roughly 90 minutes - not long at all, for the battery life you get.
an extra bonus with these earbuds: i can walk clear to the back of our building from my desk (about 75 feet) and still get signal, albeit spotty.
as far as looks and comfort, having these earbuds around my neck doesn't bother me at all.
as other people have observed, they are designed well enough that they don't twist around that much on my neck.
earbuds do not stay in my ears, with the exception of the standard apple earbuds.
these earbuds have a unique design that somehow manages to fit in both of my ears, and they stay put, for the most part.
the controls are pretty easy to use once you get to know which button does what.
sound quality is, for me, excellent.
i am not an audiophile, so i can't address the finer points of the quality of the sound, but it works perfectly for me.
my only concern now is how long these motorola earbuds will last.
i am hoping they last a good long time, because i am very, very happy with them and feel like i have finally come to the end of my long search for the perfect earbuds to wear at work.
i purchased the motorola buds after my lg hbs-700's had a left ear malfunction after a couple of years of use.
build the way that the lg's fit is very comfortable compared to these.
the motorola buds feel like you have a dog collar around your neck.
putting on the motorola buds feels like you are opening metal thongs to put around your neck.
maybe i'm biased because the lg's were so comfortable?
the magnets that are used to attract the earbuds and keep them secure are very strong, so strong that the glue that sticks the metal tips to the plastic came undone.
so now i must re-glue the metal tips to the "collar" so that the earbuds stay connected like they should.
earbuds they continually fall out of my ear.
i am using the biggest rubber buds that came with the device, and they still slide out.
the earbuds will slide out over and over again.
it's like the cables are not long enough to facilitate such movement comfortably.
this is what it feels like when you wear the motorola buds.
sound these earbuds sound great, usually.
i have different music apps on my phone, and the music sounds differently on all of them when using the motorola buds.
when using the lg hbs-700's they pretty much sounded the same between apps, or better in some instances, even if i disable all eq settings; not with the motorola buds.
sometimes music sounds muted.
power amp seems to be able to play the locally stored music the best, but can't access cloud music, i have to use the respective services for that and am thus relegated to crappy sounding music when i have to.
after running, then working out, the earbuds began to malfunction, and stopped working for the remainder of the day.
summary these are very attractive bluetooth earphones, and you would think motorola knew what they were doing when they made these, but they did everything a bluetooth earbud manufacturer shouldn't do.
anyway, i cannot recommend these earbuds.
sorry motorola.
edit: 2009/2/14 the foam earbud replacements came in, and the sound quality is like night and day.
these earbuds sound awesome.
then the volume got stuck on low and will not get any louder.
these headphone were given to me as a gift.
they fit perfectly around my neck and are so lightweight i forget they're on all the time.
the sound quality is okay, but for the price they are asking it could be better.
it does recognize l and r speakers so it does feel like surround sound and you can't hear anything else around you: truly noise canceling.
it has lasted me an entire day and i like all the controls, i virtually don't have to touch my phone for anything.
call quality is better than talking directly through my phone.
the most annoying thing about these headphones is the bluetooth range.
much better than any of the ear buds i have been using plus i'm free to leave my phone on the charger while i go around the house doing what i need to with no worry about missing a call!
sounds amazing when listening to music.
glad i switched from the lg tone + to this.
price is right.
pro's unit has great range.
comfortable in the ears, can wear it all day.
battery life is awesome.
mute function make this very useful for someone that spends a lot of time on the conference calls.
audio books may have issues.
the headset will cut out during short pauses and makes you lose out on a few seconds of the story as it reconnects.
my lg hbs-730 that i use for bike rides with no problem.
music from lg glitches so much that i can't enjoy my music anymore.
before i try this unit, i went and try a lg hbs-750 (one user review said it has less interference).
hbs-750 was worst.
the sound is very awesome as well.
i say the bass is better that the hbs-730.
the magnet is stronger as well.
the sound quality is very good.
it has a longer range than the lg.
the software that runs the headset is not as advanced as the lg, it doesn't announce the battery level and it can only be connected to one device at a time.
the sound quality is very important to me and i wear them a lot when i am listening to programs on netflix and for my day-to-day phone use.
he has made comments that he likes the motorola brand, that the brand has never caused him any issues, which is why i specifically bought motorola.
they stay in his ears, the music sounds great, he hardly hears the background noise, calls sound good on both ends, and there is no cord to fight with.
the headset sounds excellent.
the earbuds will not aggravate your ears when they are in... even for long lengths of time.
the buds have a very good sound.
they have a decent range.
they are very comfortable to wear.
the cord on the buds could be a little longer but other than that they are good.
i did not feel i would like that so i opted for the motorola buds.
overall i prefer the design over the other brand.
battery life is acceptable but could be better.
i get approximately 8 hours of use on standby, talking, and music.
big mistake -- the buds wouldn't pair with the ariaz, and the vendor ducked my questions about his return policy.
so i came back to amazon to check out customer reviews on other bt ear buds.
it sounded as if these motorola buds were getting good reviews, so i picked up a pair (from a store in nyc with a guaranteed return policy) -- and i must say, they're outstanding!!!
add to the sound quality the comfort and superb ergonomics at work here -- and i have a new favorite pair of ear buds!
this behind-the-neck design is genius.
the buttons are raised so you can feel and operate them with your fingers.
i haven't fully tested battery life, but motorola claims you get up to eleven hours of playtime on a 90-minute charge.
the box talks about noise-canceling technology, but i think they're referring to something useful for phone conversations.
i can still hear sounds in the environment when i'm listening to music, but it's not intrusive, and the music comes through loud and clear.
now i have seen some reviews here saying these buds could have better bass or more volume.
as i said, the sound quality is superb on all types of music from classical to jazz to rock and soul, and the buds play as loud as you can stand without damaging your hearing.
otherwise bt reception is splendid; i can lay the ariaz down on a table and wander throughout my large studio apartment without any breakup or interference.
so if you're looking for a superb pair of ear buds that cut the cord and sound fantastic, i give these motos my highest recommendation -- this is a brilliant product!
pros: * state-of-the-art sound.
* fabulous design with superior comfort and ergonomics.
* long battery life, fast charge time.
* plenty of volume.
* convenient controls for volume, play/pause, track selection, eq.
* storage pouch, charger, different sizes of bud tips included.
cons: * the instructions say you shouldn't use these buds for working out, as they're not guaranteed sweat-proof.
it has great sound, features, fit, and looks.
first, i feel that the earbud cords are maybe 0.5 to 0.75 inches too short.
the next downside is that the headset does not support connection to two devices at once.
other headsets like the sony mw600 handle this with ease.
i should clarify that the buds can be paired with multiple devices, but can only be connected to one device at a time.
first off, let me assure you that this headset does support apt-x bluetooth connections where available.
apt-x is a bluetooth audio codec that is designed to provide sound quality equal to a wired headset.
other bluetooth audio connections have to compress the audio, making it sound somewhat muddled and, well, bad.
apt-x support is most commonly available in recent samsung (including the galaxy s3, s4, and s5) and htc phones (including the one and m8), but there are others out there as well.
i was originally going to go with the lg tone headset line (which also supports apt-x), but didn't like the "flat loop" design that most of them have it looks like a great fit for a robot.
in my opinion the buds are designed for a better fit on an actual human: the front of the control stalks bend gently down, following the curve of the neck/shoulders/collarbones.
the lg tone can't do both at the same time since it is formed in a flat circle: the stalks aren't angled relative to the neck band, and they carry all the weight of the battery so theyll fall to your collarbones while the center section will be halfway up
im wearing the buds headset right now, and can hardly feel it a great improvement over traditional earhugger bluetooth headsets.
the buds fit quite comfortably, and provide just the slightest reassuring touch on the front sides of my neck.
the buds have a tidy control arrangement and are easy to navigate.
the microphone is underneath the rocker switch on the left, and the power switch is underneath the body (center section) of the headset, next to the charging port.
you can activate voice dialing (like siri or samsungs s-voice or google voice search) by long-pressing this same button while no music is playing.
lots of loud rustling noises.
eq modes can be changed by a long-press of the play/pause switch on the left.
there are 3 eq modes, but there is no indication of which one you are in, or documentation of what the effects are supposed to be.
there is a voice notification of eq mode changed!
my best guess is that the modes are flat, treble boost, and bass boost.
i can barely tell which eq mode is bass boost, but cant tell the difference between the other two.
the magnets are pretty strong, and the earbuds have yet to bounce themselves loose.
as far as sound quality goes, im really impressed.
the earbuds are said to have premium hd speakers, and whatever that truly means, they sound great and the apt-x support really helps them shine.
i should point out that the buds will still sound great with non-apt-x devices like apple gadgets, and will certainly sound as good as all other bluetooth headsets that don't support it.
as long as the earbuds are seated properly (which is critical with any in-ear earbuds) bass response is nice and solid, and everything just sort of sparkles.
the earbuds seem to stay fairly well seated unless i get really sweaty.
anyways, back to audio quality: one important thing to note, which is true of all high quality sound delivery devices, is that the final output depends highly on good source material.
call quality on both ends of the line is really good as well, and ive never had anyone ask are you using bluetooth?
one last thing about audio quality if you listen to music via any app with preamp gain, you may want to be reduce that gain level to zero.
i use poweramp on my galaxy s4 and was dismayed at first to hear a ton of distortion, especially in the low end.
usually i hate the looks of most bluetooth headsets: the obnoxious blinking blue lights and the giant blobs of techno-crud clamped to peoples ears make them look like extras from bad 80s sci-fi movies.
i have to say that the motorola buds practically disappear, especially while wearing them under the collar of a polo shirt.
i have changed my mind and have very much come to enjoy the subtle high-contrast design.
it looks nice and modern without looking like its trying too hard.
battery life seems to be pretty good, and although i try to charge the headset every night, ive gone as far as 2 full workdays of mixed usage without running out of battery.
the buds come with the small ones installed already, but i found that the mediums were best for me.
the posts on the ear stems are a slightly smaller diameter than standard, so earpieces from other sets are a bit loose.
swapping other earpieces to the buds would result in more sound leakage and result in poorer sound quality and bass response, and also put you at a much higher risk of having one of the earpieces coming off the stem and sticking in your ear.
use the biggest size you can stand, because a good seal is critical for good sound quality.
another thing i mentioned briefly was the buds voice notifications.
the voice isn't too bad, but it took me a while to get used to.
the very last thing i wanted to talk about (yeah, i made a list) is that there are very thin rubber strips that run up the undersides of each control stalk, which i think serve the purpose of covering the track the wires run through.
a small section of one of these strips popped up after about a week and would not seat itself back down.
now on to the summary, which i promised at the start: for the tl;dr crowd, i wholly approve of this headset.
features, fit, sound, and looks are all pretty much perfect, and its hard to come up with a list of serious disadvantages.
the nearest competitor is the lg hbs-800, which normally goes for $130.00 
very comfortable, clear volume and great fittting around your neck.
don't turn aroundyour neck as much as the lg.
i started out with the lg tone+ headphones, have had them for a while, and i love them.
voice prompts: only tell you if you are connected.
the stalks also stick straight out.
wires are two tone.
buttons are harder and more confusing then the lg.
answering and volume.
the hole is very small, so maybe this is the key.
no vibration to alert you to a call.
after this experience, i'm investing in lg.
still there, motorola.
i lost my 2-year-old lg tone hbs-700 headset and someone else is doubtless enjoying it.
the motorola cables appeared to be more robust than the lg cables and the price point was attractive compared to the newest lg hbs-800, so i decided to take a chance.
the good: - price - earbud fit - strong cables - battery life - reception - button function and placement - pairing - telephone function the bad: - looks goofy - the band is a tight fit - two-tone cable color may as well be illuminated with a sign that
the mediocre: - sound quality (richness and frequency response) simply cannot match the lg tone hbs series - equalizer is not very effective (bright treble but non-existent bass) summary: this product is inferior to the lg where it counts: the sound.
for me, that is sufficient reason to warrant return of this product and purchase of the newest and ridiculously expensive lg tone hbs-800.
i am returning the motorola this week, but i will delay my purchase of the lg until the price becomes more reasonable.
works great.
and at the price, its actually a better buy, in my opinion, than the lg tone.
pair's easily.
great sound quality, and buds fit great.
i have had many many many head phone this is the best all around so far mic is a little low but better than most!
sounds almost as good as the klipc i have.
has great sound but is quite plain.
the off/on button is in a bad place, every time i lay on the bench to lift weights i lay on the button which shuts it off ... poor design.
pros: 1) excellent call clarity and loudness both ways 2) excellent for listening to music 3) fits snugly and stays put around your neck while exercising (unlike the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730) 4) feels much better than thelg electronics tone+ hbs-730 when in contact with your skin cons: 1) connectivity
2) the power button is located all the way in the back and it's awkward and difficult to power on or off, unlike the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730 3) does not vibrate when you receive a call 4) does not have easily accessible buttons like the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730
i will be returning this one mainly because i'm tired of the problematic connectivity and the very unintuitive design.
i already had the lg and was hoping the motorola would do better but i was let down.
some have criticized the sound quality, but i found it to be stellar with the buds.
i own the lg-tone and will definitely say that this device is a notch above in terms of build quality, range, and sound.
i much prefer the build quality and back loaded weight of the buds, which puts the weight at the back of you rather than the front of your neck.
the sound as i stated is quality.
honestly they sound like really premium ear buds with excellent sound.
the right fit forms a "sound seal" perfectly in your ear and feels very comfortable.
with regards to pairing, controls, and functionality, these are really easy to learn and will do everything that meets my needs.
sync with my galaxy note 2 was quick and flawless.
that being said, they work just fine for calls and everyone i have spoken to so far has stated that call quality was excellent.
i would easily say that this is the best bt headset on the market for those looking for something that they don't have to have on their ear all the time and want quality a2dp stereo sound and crystal clear calling, all while being hands free and wireless.
very comparable to the tones.
what was most important to me was battery life.
my second complaint: the on/off.
i like the "boom" style mics as they seem to pick up your voice better.
the buttons are mixed.
the answer/end/voicedial button on the boom is nicely sized and well located.
the power/volume control, however, is horrendously designed.
it is tiny and hard use.
range is roughly 15-20 feet line-of-sight.
sound quality is decent.
i have no problems listening on the device and volume is adequate.
for the price this is a great headset, i use the 510 headset from plantronics, and bought this one for my wife.
for the price this is a nice headset.
you can hear people very cleraly beacuse the speaker is very loud.
also people can hear you very clearly because the microphone is very sensitive.
but this headset is so uncomfortable, that if i wear it for more than a few mins i have to take it off, beacuse it hurts so much.
i am going to be using a motorola hs820 headset which is so comfortable and light.
but the motorola hs820 headset speaker and microphone is not as good as the plantronics m2500 headset.
this headset is very uncomfortable, and does not get as good a battery life as the motorola's or jabra's.
this is really disappointing as plantronics makes really good wired headsets.
this is a great earpiece at half the cost of others.
it's easy to use and fairly light.
let me start by saying this is a great headset.
comfortable, lightweight, and easy to hear and operate.
the layout of the controls is spot-on; they're easy to use and locate.
range and battery life were all outstanding.
charging is quick, and the status light is handy.
pairing was a snap; worked first time.
it's comfortable enough to wear for long periods, and it's very unobtrusive.
the microphone on the headset works very well; unfortunately, too well if there's *any* sort of noise in the area -- another conversation, a tv twenty feet away, a barking dog in the next room -- were all as clearly heard by my caller as my own voice, prompting her
all in all, this is a great entry-level bluetooth headset, priced right for the "value-conscious" consumer.
i suggest looking at the jabra freespeak bt250.
the v220 has very clear sound quality, great screen and excellent battery life.
the motorola software also allows you to sync to your microsoft outlook contacts and calendar, and it was truly easy to use!
the camera is so low quality that it might as well not be on the phone.
memory capacity is very low, so you won't get many shots either.
mp3 ringtone support is a joke - they want you to buy additional software just to have that feature (though there's now a free alternative).
pros: mp3 ringtones usb port external display good battery life cons: ringer not loud enough finish easily scratched camera quality poor reception poor screen contrast poor phone sometimes disconnects and screen goes blank.
the camera is slow - don't expect to catch anything in motion - but adequate.
on top of that, the volume is not high enough to hear the phone from the bottom of my purse.
the motorola site is useless, and my service provider salespeople didn't have a clue it was needed.
in general, the manual looks helpful without actually being of use.
the sound is good, and the international capabilities (check with your plan) make it more versatile than some of its competitors.
for a relatively low-end camera phone, its performance is surprisingly good despite the nonexistent support.
this is a great phone in terms of reception.
there are some design flaws.
the camera is useless for indoor shots.
the bluetooth feature is only useful for a headset.
the keyboard is odd.
my only complaint with these verizon phones is with the antenna size.
this is a mid-priced phone, with solid features all-around, including bluetooth, good reception, nice compact size, and good battery life.
pros: - reliable - very good reception -- an improvement over prior phone from a couple years ago - compact - bluetooth (works with headphones and car, not with pda) - photos and movies (these are just novelty features to me, but they work -- i've sent little video clips
if you compare to similar price-point phones, this one is a very good value.
this phone is great and with great features!!!
the battery is long lasting, the menu is just my other motorola so i di have no problem.
i am very angry at verizon for blocking the bluetooh features.
first, the cons: the camera isn't what i was expecting.
i didn't expect ansel adams quality, but it's not what i get from my old 1 mp camera, either.
but it's useful for taking snapshots.
the video is pretty useless as well.
the fact that verizon forces you to pay to send these crappy videos and photos makes sure that you'll never use the camera (see more below) a bit spotty for mac osx users verizon's software update further cripples phones usability (greedy bastages) pros: great sound (although you have to remember
truly great speakerphone- i've had friends have no idea that i was on a cell, much less a speakerphone.
(copy them to the optional transflash card from your computer, then to the phone) seems to have great signal strength, at least here in la.
color screen is gorgeous inside, very nice outside.
bluetooth headsets are a godsend!
general: even with verizon trying to wrestle the last quarter out of your pocket, it's a great phone.